And, Commander, I don't know what's on your mind.
What's on your mind tonight?
I asked you to come here, and you didn't answer me.
I wonder if you have any complaints.
Oh, don't worry. I just want to see you.
I'll see you.
I'll be right back, Kisuke.
I'll be right back.
Oh, I see.
Oh, Kisuke.
I'm so glad to see you.
Please show me around.
I'll be right back.
Yes, sir.
I'll see you.
If you don't mind, young master,
I'm sorry, Kisuke.
You're talking to me?
Yes.
Oh, I see.
I'm sorry to say this, but I hate you.
I hate you very much.
I've been waiting for you.
I know that.
You're a good man for me.
I'll never forget you.
I'm sorry, Kisuke.
I can't forget you.
That's not true.
This is a precious gift.
I'll keep it for you.
I'll keep it for you until you come back.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'll keep it for you.
Oh, this is...
This is...
Aoi Shimusaka.
What?
I've been looking for this for a long time.
I can't find it.
I have to get it back.
What can I do?
This is a precious gift.
This is a valuable gift.
I'm glad to get it back.
Do you know what this is?
This is the event tomorrow lives to be known as Harami-Po-Shugi
I was nervous then.
But I did know it.
Proper, Eolla-judge, please listen.
It can't be.
Poe
My boss
said
sadly
Need
you
the
agree
Thank you for watching!